I created a visualization dashboard website. I created individual pages for each plot and a means by which I can navigate between them. I also created a landing page, a comparison page, and a data page. I also created links to four visualization pages on my landing page. I created a navigation menu at the top of every page.
	Various aspects of weather were plotted versus latitude. The aspects of weather that I plotted against latitude were temperature, cloudiness, windspeed, and humidity. In general, the maximum temperature is highest when the latitude is close to 0. The spread of the maximum temperature is not symmetrical. Humidity varies among cities, including cities with the same latitude. Variance in humidity seems to decrease at certain latitudes.
	There does not appear to be a strong correlation between cloudiness and latitude. Certain latitudes have a concentration of either many clouds or no cloud coverage at all. In the northern hemisphere, wind speed increases as it is farther from the equator. For the majority of cities wind speed is between 0 mph and 15 mph. Some cities have a wind speed between 15 mph and 30 mph.
	 The southern hemisphere is warmer than the northern hemisphere. It looks like the northern hemisphere is overrepresented. There is more variance seen in the northern hemisphere than in the southern hemisphere in terms of humidity. There is not much cloud coverage between 10 degrees latitude and 70 degrees latitude. There is also not much cloud coverage between -10 degrees latitude and -40 degrees latitude. In general, cloudiness varies across the cities and does not seem to be correlated to latitude. Many cities in the northern hemisphere have a wind speed under 10 mph. The highest wind speed occurs when the latitude is 60.
	My comparison plot shows the different graphic visualizations. My data plot shows all of the data that I used for this assignment. I feel like I learned a lot about coding in HTML while completing this assignment. I feel like it is very important to be able to create and design a webpage. There are many different industries that require having this kind of knowledge, and I hope that I will be able to apply this knowledge in a future career.
